docs: Prepare to 0.2.0 release (#58)
near/near-indexer-for-explorer: README.md

...
```

## Running NEAR Indexer for Explorer:

Command to run NEAR Indexer for Explorer have to contain sync mode.

You can choose NEAR Indexer for Explorer sync mode by setting what to stream:

>  - `sync-from-latest` - Real-time syncing, always taking the latest finalized block to stream
>  - `sync-from-interruption` - Starts syncing from the block NEAR Indexer was interrupted last time 
>  - `sync-from-block --height <block_height>` - Specific block height to start syncing from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `sync-from-latest` - start indexing blocks from the latest finalized block
 - `sync-from-interruption` - start indexing blocks from the block NEAR Indexer was interrupted last time
 - `sync-from-block --height <block_height>` - start indexing blocks from the specific block height
```
